How do you take the lessons? Leadership examples experience the train
that you learned at O. C s flythe. Um, every day you're going to be
every day's a new day. Every day's a chance to reach back into your
offer and see what tools you need to pull out and news because you will
be challenged every day. So there are gonna be so blessed is that
you're going to from trade and they're gonna be so much you will not
use that you use, perhaps on a different ship or that you use. So
we've put a lot of training and education into Lucius. You might think
that it's and we're gonna use it not gonna happen. You use it at
some point in time, so Mia leases off the lot so you'll use it later
on at a short or a different. Use him. Well, the years of charity